[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So let's just start, if
you're watching at home,
just massage underneath
the collarbone here.
And I'm going to take
you through some points.
And you just follow
the points with me
and/or if you tap
on the wrong point,
you really can't mess up because
there's points everywhere.
So the most important
piece is to really feel
what's coming up.
Not to intellectualize it--
to let yourself really feel.
And then just follow the point.
That's all you need to do, OK?
So tune into any
challenge that you're
having right now in your life,
something that's bothering you,
someone who's triggered
you, something that's
really hurting right now.
And give yourself permission
just to tune into that.
And I'm going to do
a call and response.
So I will share some
thoughts, and then you'll
just repeat them.
And if the word isn't
completely accurate,
just change the word
to match what you feel.
If you don't know what you
feel, then give my word a try
because it's likely
that you're numb.
OK?
So repeating after
me, even though I've
been struggling here.
Tapping the center of the chest.
And I just want
you to say out loud
how you've been
struggling, what's
been going on in your world,
why are you struggling,
how does it feel.
Just go on a little
rant about it.
Talk about it out loud.
I've been struggling by.
And then tap between the brows.
And then just tune
into that struggle.
Tune in to how it feels
to have that struggle,
that pain that's coming up,
all of that hurt that's there.
And what's the most intense
emotion that comes up for you.
Is it fear?
Is it anger?
Is it sadness?
Is it grief?
Is it worry?
What is the emotion?
It feels like-- and
just name the emotion.
Tapping the temples.
It feels like-- say
the emotion again.
And tapping the cheeks.
And I feel really stuck here.
And you say those words.
And just feel into any
stuckness that's right there.
And I want you to feel what
it feels like in your body.
What's the texture of it?
What's the color of it?
If I had a color, where
is it in your body?
Where are you
holding it right now?
And then just lean into it.
Really feel it right now.
Lean into it.
Get uncomfortable with it
just for a moment with me.
And then take a big, deep
breath and release a big sigh.
[SIGHS]
Awesome.
And then tap
underneath your nose.
I love and deeply accept
myself exactly as I am.
Tapping underneath the lips.
Even though I've been
really struggling here.
It's possible I'm
worthy of love.
Tapping the center of the chest.
It's possible I can heal this.
Take a big, deep breath.
Release a big sigh.
[SIGHS]
Beautiful.
Tapping the front of the ribs.
I love and deeply forgive myself
for how hard this has been.
Tapping the side of the ribs.
It's possible I'm still
a good human being.
Tapping the side of the wrist.
It's possible I'm
still worthy of love.
Take another big, deep breath.
Release a big sigh.
[SIGHS]
Tapping the side of
the thumb here where
the nail juts out the most.
I am worthy of love.
Tapping the next finger.
I am worthy of
having my needs met.
Tapping the middle finger.
I'm worthy of taking
care of myself here.
And just tune into the struggle
that you've been having.
Tune into when it
was most intense.
And then just imagine yourself
giving yourself a great big hug
of love right now--
all of that love,
all of that empathy,
all of that forgiveness
that you deserve.
You've been trying so
hard to figure it out.
Just receive all of
that empathy right now.
Lean into receiving that.
And then take a
big, deep breath.
Release a big sigh.
[SIGHS]
Tapping the opposite
side of the next finger.
I love and accept myself.
Tapping the little
finger inside.
And I can move on from this.
And what do you need
in this situation?
What do you need that
will help you feel safe,
feel love, feel cared
for, encouraged?
What would help right now?
Tapping the side of the hand.
And just tune into
what that is right now.
See what that is.
And then repeating after me.
What I really need is--
and just name it out loud.
And what I really want is--
name it out loud again.
Tapping the top of the head.
And I'm ready to get it.
Tapping between the brows.
And I don't have
to wait any longer.
So are you ready to really
receive it in your life now?
Are you really ready to have
this come into your life
and bless your life?
Tapping the temples.
OK.
So now, tune into that
situation and imagine
yourself giving yourself all of
that, what you just asked for.
See yourself receiving
it from yourself.
Tapping the cheeks.
Imagine yourself
receiving it fully
and how it feels to your body.
How it feels to
your heart to know
that you are taking care
of yourself right now
and that you are taking
care of all of your needs
and that you are safe,
and that you are loved,
and that you are held,
and you are beautiful,
and you are respected.
And feel yourself
giving that to yourself
right now, how powerful you are.
And then any resistance
to fully receiving, take
a big, deep breath
into any resistance
there and release a big sigh.
[SIGHS]
And tapping underneath the nose.
I can relax here.
Tapping underneath the lips.
I've got this.
Tapping the center of the chest.
I'm ready.
And I love and
deeply accept myself.
And now just imagine
all that self-love just
overflowing now into your
life, into your relationships,
into the things
that you're doing,
knowing that you are
loved, you are beautiful,
you're an amazing human being.
You feel all of that just
overflow into your life
right now.
See what's happening
in your life.
See how that blesses everything.
And feel how good it
feels in the body.
What does it feel like?
Does it feel bright or
light or airy or joyful?
What does it feel like for you?
And feel all of that.
And then magnify how
beautiful it feels by 50%.
Just beaming out of you.
Magnify that goodness by 75%.
Just filling up
the whole room now.
So good, so worthy, so ready.
And then intensify it by 100%.
So much goodness.
You are powerful.
And take a big, deep breath.
Release a big sigh.
[SIGHS]
Beautiful.
And then just tap
all of your body.
And just tell yourself
10 affirmations out
loud about what you're
ready for, about what you're
worthy of, and how beautiful and
amazing and supported you are.
And whenever you're ready,
just coming back down
and just resting your
hands on your heart
and just feeling that space.
And that space of
beauty in your heart.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Thank you.